# Problems level:3
## Games & functions

- Create a simple stone, paper & scissor game using random variable
- Write a zero sum game for two users. Rules of game ask user to enter a number. The users will then take turns, in each turn user can substract a prime number less than equal to the number left. If the final answer is 0 the current user will win.
- Write a tic-tac-toe game for two players using 2D array
- Implement a calculator for volume of cube, cuboid, cylinder & cone using functions
- Implement a prime number generator using function which takes a number n & prints the first n primes
- Implement a function to check if two number are in pythagorean triples
- Implement function overloading to calculate areas of circle, square & rectangle
- Write a simple script reader using functions which tells the number of words in the text & time taken to read it.
    Given the speed of reading slow : 2 words per second, fast : 3 words per second, fastest : 5 words per seconds
- Implement a function to calculate factorial of a number
- Implement a number information programs using functions which tells the following details about the number:
    - Prime or non prime
    - Perfect square or not
    - Even or odd
    - Is a number from series of triangular numbers
- Implement a message decryption program. You will be given a ciphered text(T) with a key (k). Use the formula for each character of the string to get the original message
    a = ((T[i] * 2) + 2) % 26
- Implement battery status only using ternary operators. If charge is less than 20 then prompt low battery, if its between 21 - 85 then its good & its sufficient if charge is more than 85
- Implement a program to calculate 1's & 2's complement of a binary number
- Implement a basic sorting of numbers in an array
- Implement a function to calculate nth fibonacci number
- Implement a function to convert a given string to morse code using * & #
- Write an anagram game for 1 player. This should have array of strings which with levels. User will get 3 attempts to solve the puzzle.
- Write a game of hand cricket where the user can input a number between 0 & 6 inclusive. A computer will generate a number. If the number by the user & computer matches then the player will get out. At the end print the score of the user.
- Write a simple game of cows & bulls
